docs: Chefs Overview page (#1591)
unoplatform/uno.chefs: doc/Overview.md

---
uid: Uno.Chefs.Overview
---

# Uno Chefs

## Overview

> **Uno Chefs** is a modern, interactive recipe app built to show what Uno Platform can really do in a real-world, delightful scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Uno Chefs** is a modern, interactive recipe app built to show what Uno Platform can really do in a real-world, production-ready application.
```

But there’s more! You can discover contributors and their creations, see who’s cooking nearby on an interactive map, build your own personalized cookbooks, check notifications, and access the settings page.

<img src="assets/main-page.png" height="600px" alt="MainPage Image"/>

## Features

This app demonstrates the use of many Uno Platform capabilities, such as:

- **Theming** with Material Design
- **Controls and helpers** from the Uno Toolkit
- **Responsive** views
- **State management** using MVUX
- **Configuration management**
- **HTTP** communication with **Kiota**
- **Serialization**
- **Complex navigation scenarios**
- **MediaPlayerElement** for video playback
- **ThemeService** to switch between light and dark modes
- **Authentication**
- **Skia rendering**

In addition, when running the application, users can choose to use **mock data** or connect to the **included API project** in the Chefs solution.

## Source Code

> You can find the full solution on GitHub: [UnoChefs GitHub Repository](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.chefs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full solution on the [Chefs GitHub Repository](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.chefs)
```
